use mqtt v1 in docs (#2384)
thin-edge/thin-edge.io: docs/src/understand/thin-edge-json.md

| Reference    | Description                                                                                                                                                        |
|--------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `alarm_type` | Uniquely identifies the alarm in the context of the device; part of the MQTT topic                                                                                 |

> | `severity`   | Severity of the alarm; must be `critical`, `major`, `minor` or `warning`                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `severity`   | Severity of the alarm; recommended to be `critical`, `major`, `minor` or `warning`                                                                                           |
```
